In this lecture, we are going to set up the basic structure of our user micro services project.
Let's go ahead and create a new Mavin project that we are going to call user management.
This is basically our parent project that will bring all the user microsurgeons projects together.
Let's also use the common spring bank name here and select a proper version version 1.0.
Now, the first thing that we need to do is to delete the source folder under the parent poem project.
Then we can go ahead and locate the generated user MICRA services projects that we have downloaded from
the spring initialise.
I'm going to move them to the exercise files location that I'm using for this cause.
By the way, you can find these exercise files under the resources section of this lecture.
OK, I'm going to extract the project here.
Let's just delete those folders and then you'll see they will be located and the user management directory.
OK, to make it a parent project, we need to specify the packaging type ASPO.
Now let's add each of the projects as modules to the parent project.
Let's start with the library project.
Use it at core, then add the User Command API project.
And finally, we'll add the user query API project.
Now, this is basically our multi maven project.
The next thing that we are going to do is to turn the user, that core project into an actual library.
The first thing we need to do is select a proper version.
Like we've done with the parent project, and then the biggest thing is to remove the Springboard Maven
plugin built section.
OK, now that we've done that, we can delete our application clause.
And then once we've done that, we can also delete the text on the application.
And that would basically turn our use of coal project into an actual library project.
So let's go ahead and build our project and MAVEN would basically build our project and run the tests
on the command and query API projects and then hopefully everything succeeds.
OK, that concludes the basic set up of a user management project.